README.md, before:

# Inner Tranquility
Inner Tranquility is a mental health awareness platform, designed to help the user when in need, and educate those who would like more information if they want to educate themselves or want information for how to help their friend/family/partner.

<p align="center">
<a href="https://af-5446.github.io/Inner-Tranquillity/" target="_blank">Live project</a>

![amiresponsive](docs/am-i-responsive-webp.png)

## Contents
* [User Experience](#user-experience-ux)
    * [User Stories](#user-stories)

* [Design](#design)
    * [Colour Scheme](#color-scheme)
    * [Typography](#typograhy)
    * [Imagery](#imagery)
    * [Wireframes](#wireframes)

* [Features](#features)
    * [General Features]()
    * [Future Implementation]()
    * [Accessibility]()

* [Technologies Used](#techused)
    * [Languages Used](#langused)
    * [Frameworks, library and programs](#frame-lib-prog)

* [Deployment](#deployment)
    * [Deployment](#deploy)

* [Testing](#testing)

* [Credits](#credits)
    * [Code Used](#code-used)
    * [Content](#content)
    * [Media](#media)
    * [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)

---

## User Experience (UX)

### User Stories
As someone who struggles with mental health, having a place to find additional resources is a major help when I am feeling overwhelmed.

As a friend of someone who lives with mental health issues, I want to easil nagivate to resources which means I can help my friend in a time of need.

As someone with a challenging job, being able to remind myself about stress navigation for myself and colleagues is a huge help to take time out from work and deadlines.

### User Goals
[x] A user seeks accessible, beginner friendly information on mental health
[x] Section on how to recognise common issues (with mental health)
[x] Section on how to manage stress
[x] Presented in a supportive and organised layout

### Site Owner Goals
[x] Create a welcoming webpage that provides mental health information using a clean and suppoertive design
[x] A focus on using HTML and CSS with Bootstrap to create a calming and well organised user experience.

### Potential Features
[-] Hero section with Positive messaging: A Bootstrap Jumbotron with an encouraging message about mental health
-- This first Criteria was not exactly possible to meet with the use of a jumbotron, as Bootstrap had updated to v5.3, and taken the jumbotron out of use due to other ways the look can be acheived.

[x] Using calming colour scheme &
[x] Simple background image

## Design

### Colour Scheme

Commit message:

README updated wit colour palette and information.

README.md, after:

# Inner Tranquility
Inner Tranquility is a mental health awareness platform, designed to help the user when in need, and educate those who would like more information if they want to educate themselves or want information for how to help their friend/family/partner.

<p align="center">
<a href="https://af-5446.github.io/Inner-Tranquillity/" target="_blank">Live project</a>

![amiresponsive](docs/am-i-responsive-webp.png)

## Contents
* [User Experience](#user-experience-ux)
    * [User Stories](#user-stories)

* [Design](#design)
    * [Colour Scheme](#color-scheme)
    * [Typography](#typograhy)
    * [Imagery](#imagery)
    * [Wireframes](#wireframes)

* [Features](#features)
    * [General Features]()
    * [Future Implementation]()
    * [Accessibility]()

* [Technologies Used](#techused)
    * [Languages Used](#langused)
    * [Frameworks, library and programs](#frame-lib-prog)

* [Deployment](#deployment)
    * [Deployment](#deploy)

* [Testing](#testing)

* [Credits](#credits)
    * [Code Used](#code-used)
    * [Content](#content)
    * [Media](#media)
    * [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)

---

## User Experience (UX)

### User Stories
As someone who struggles with mental health, having a place to find additional resources is a major help when I am feeling overwhelmed.

As a friend of someone who lives with mental health issues, I want to easil nagivate to resources which means I can help my friend in a time of need.

As someone with a challenging job, being able to remind myself about stress navigation for myself and colleagues is a huge help to take time out from work and deadlines.

### User Goals
[x] A user seeks accessible, beginner friendly information on mental health
[x] Section on how to recognise common issues (with mental health)
[x] Section on how to manage stress
[x] Presented in a supportive and organised layout

### Site Owner Goals
[x] Create a welcoming webpage that provides mental health information using a clean and suppoertive design
[x] A focus on using HTML and CSS with Bootstrap to create a calming and well organised user experience.

### Potential Features
[-] Hero section with Positive messaging: A Bootstrap Jumbotron with an encouraging message about mental health
- This first Criteria was not exactly possible to meet with the use of a jumbotron, as Bootstrap had updated to v5.3, and taken the jumbotron out of use due to other ways the look can be acheived.

[x] Using calming colour scheme &
[x] Simple background image

## Design

### Colour Scheme
Colour selection plays a key role in any design process However, knowing this nature of this project, the needs of the user had a greater role, as it may impact their well-being.

Art work also played a role, as my goal was to make the user feel calmed and welcomed when the page was first accessed.

with plenty of research and discussions the use of [WebAIM](https://webaim.org/resources/contrastchecker/) and [image colour picker](https://imagecolorpicker.com/) I was able to find soft colours which I feel best represented mental health.

### Main Palette
- blue: #51c7eb (cards)
- light green: #c1ee9a (buttons)
- grey: #232b2b (text)
- dark green: #5cba64 (button hover)
- light blue: #abdbe3 (background)

<hr>
<p align="right"><a href="#inner-tranquility">Back To Top</a></p>
